actions/q-134: ADD question on using GitHub Script (#637)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: questions/en/actions/question-134.md

---

> question: "How do you use Github Script in workflows?"

Reviewer: "GitHub script" is not a product name. You make it look like it is

Maybe
```suggestion
question: "How do you run custom JavaScript scripts directly in a GitHub Actions workflow?"
```

Reviewer: The same applies to other mentions of "GitHub script" in the explanations

Author: Committed. 

That's on me--I thought Github Script was a common term due to the Microsoft Github Actions prep exam.

- Used your suggestion in the question
- Changed all references to Github Script to actions/github-script
- Reworded some answers to make (hopefully) more sense after replacing instances of Github Script.

> documentation: "https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/security/secure-use#using-third-party-actions"

Reviewer: This documentation is not related to the question

Author: Committed 
Ugh doi, thanks for catching this. Updated the link to the actions/github-script documentation
